[ALL TESTS] Update (#4735)
mlflow/mlflow: CHANGELOG.rst

Changelog
=========

> 1.19.1.dev0 (2021-08-25)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.20.0 (2021-08-25)
```

------------------------

> MLflow 1.19.1.dev0 includes several major features and improvements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MLflow 1.20.0 includes several major features and improvements:
```

> Features:

Reviewer 2: @harupy @WeichenXu123 Can we re-order the major features so that post-training metrics and pip dependency inference appear at the top?

> - MLflow UI updates (#4712, @dbczumar)

Reviewer: @dbczumar Are there any UI updates that should be highlighted?

Reviewer 2: Yes @harupy:

```
- Improved scalability of the parallel coordinates plot for run performance comparison
- Added support for filtering runs based on their start time on the experiment page
- Added a dropdown for runs table column sorting on the experiment page
- Upgraded the AG Grid plugin, which is used for runs table loading on the experiment page, to version 25.0.0
- Fixed a bug on the experiment page that caused the metrics section of the runs table to collapse when selecting columns from other table sections
```

> - Support distributed pytorch lightning autologging execution (#4717, @dbczumar)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added support for distributed execution to autologging for PyTorch Lightning (#4717, @dbczumar)
```

> - Added more Model Registry Functions to R (#4527, @bramrodenburg)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Expanded R support for Model Registry functionality (#4527, @bramrodenburg)
```

> - Pyspark ml autolog post-training metric (#4686, @WeichenXu123)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Autologging for PySpark ML now records post training metrics when model evaluation APIs, such as `Evaluator.evaluate()`, are called (#4686, @WeichenXu123)
```

> - Scoring Server - Added support for wrapped prediction responses (#4611, @Ark-kun)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added model scoring server support for defining custom prediction response wrappers(#4611, @Ark-kun)
```

> - make sklearn autologging supporting delegated methods in estimators (#4628, @WeichenXu123)

Reviewer 2: This entry should be removed and the PR number should be added to the same entry as #4491

> - Pyspark CrossValidator autolog "std metrics" (#4672, @WeichenXu123)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added `stdMetrics` entries to the training metrics recorded during PySpark CrossValidator autologging (#4672, @WeichenXu123)
```

> - Implement auto pip dependency inference for `mlflow.*.log_model` (#4518, @harupy)

Reviewer 2: @harupy Can you write a more descriptive release note for this?

Reviewer: ```
`mlflow.*.log_model` and `mlflow.*.save_model` now automatically infer the pip requirements of the model to log/save. 
```

Reviewer 2: @harupy Awesome! Can we indicate that the dependency inference is based on the current software environment?

> - Add `pip_requirements` and `extra_pip_requirements` to all flavors except xgboost flavor (#4577, #4602, @harupy)
> - Add `pip_requirements` and `extra_pip_requirements` to `mlflow.*.log_model` and `mlflow.*.save_model` for directly specifying the pip requirements of the model to log / save (#4519, @harupy)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `pip_requirements` and `extra_pip_requirements` to `mlflow.*.log_model` and `mlflow.*.save_model` for directly specifying the pip requirements of the model to log / save (#4519, #4577, #4602, @harupy)
```

> - sklearn eval metric autologging: patch `metrics.SCORERS` (#4638, @WeichenXu123)

Reviewer 2: This entry should be removed and the PR number should be added to the same entry as #4491

> - Added archive argument to the Sagemaker Batch Transform integration (#4589, @YQ-Wang)

Reviewer 2: This should be combined with #4410

> - MLflow UI updates, includes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- MLflow UI updates:
```

> - Deprecate  argument for pytorch flavor (#4620, @harupy)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deprecate `requriements_file` argument for `mlflow.*.save_model` and `mlflow.*.log_model` (#4620, @harupy)
```

Reviewer 2: This isn't a feature. It should be moved to `Bug fixes and documentation updates`.

> - Autolog post training metrics for sklearn (#4491, @WeichenXu123)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Autologging for scikit-learn now records post training metrics when scikit-learn evaluation APIs, such as `sklearn.metrics.mean_squared_error` are called (#4491, @WeichenXu123)
```

- [PART1] Add `pip_requirements` and `extra_pip_requirements` to all flavors except xgboost flavor (#4577, @harupy)
- [PART 2] Add `pip_requirements` and `extra_pip_requirements` to all flavors except xgboost flavor (#4602, @harupy)

> - Implemented Sagemaker Batch Transform integration with MLflow (#4410, @YQ-Wang)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Introduced support for running Sagemaker Batch Transform jobs with MLflow Models (#4410, @YQ-Wang)
```

> - [ML-16200] Add `pip_requirements` and `additional_pip_requirements` to `log_model` (#4519, @harupy)

Reviewer: Entries for `pip_requirements` and `extra_pip_requirements` can be merged into one entry.

Reviewer 2: @harupy Can you write the unified release entry for these new arguments and push it to this PR?

Reviewer: Absolutely, what about:

```
Add `pip_requirements` and `extra_pip_requirements` to `mlflow.*.save_model` and `mlflow.*.log_model` for directly specifying pip requirements of the model?
```

Reviewer 2: Perfect!

> 5. Fixed a bug on the experiment page that caused the metrics section of the runs table to collapse when selecting columns from other table sections (#4712, @dbczumar)

Reviewer: Can you indent these lines?

> Bug fixes and documentation updates:

Reviewer: https://github.com/mlflow/mlflow/pull/4716 should be added in this section

- set nextPageToken to null (#4729, @harupy)

> - Fix keras early stopping logging logic (#4709, @harupy)

Reviewer 2: @harupy Can we be more specific about the impact of these changes? The solution (i.e. `set nextPageToken to null`) should not be included, but we should describe the impact of the change.

Reviewer: What about `Fix a bug in MLflow UI where the pagination token for run search is not refreshed when switching experiments`?

Reviewer 2: Perfect!

> - Scoring Server - Correctly handle request content-type with charset parameter (#4609, @Ark-kun)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fix a bug in the scoring server that rejected requests specifying a valid content-type with the charset parameter (#4609, @Ark-kun)
```

> - Fixed SQLAlchemy backend not releasing DB connections by using a cache of SQLAlchemy Engines instead of creating new ones each time. (#4663, @arpitjasa-db)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug that caused SQLAlchemy backends to exhaust DB connections. (#4663, @arpitjasa-db)
```

> - Fix some issues in gorillar patch (#4631, @WeichenXu123)

Reviewer 2: This can be moved to `Small bug fixes and doc updates`

> - `mlflow.*.log_model` and `mlflow.*.save_model` now automatically infer the pip requirements of the model to log / save based on the current software environment. (#4518, @harupy)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `mlflow.*.log_model` and `mlflow.*.save_model` now automatically infer the pip requirements of the model to log / save based on the current software environment (#4518, @harupy)
```

nit

> - Docker utils - Raise error if docker build has failed (#4610, @Ark-kun)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Improve docker build procedures to raise exceptions if docker builds fail (#4610, @Ark-kun)
```

> - Disable autologging for sklearn cross_val_* APIs (#4590, @WeichenXu123)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Disable autologging for scikit-learn cross_val_* APIs, which are incompatible with autologging (#4590, @WeichenXu123)
```

> - Deprecate fast.ai V1 support (#4728, @dbczumar)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Deprecate MLflow Models support for fast.ai V1 (#4728, @dbczumar)
```

> - Update docs for AzureML deployment plugin (#4646, @trangevi)

Reviewer: Let's move this (https://github.com/mlflow/mlflow/pull/4646) in the `small bug fixes` section

> - Update docs for AzureML deployment plugin (#4646, @trangevi)

Reviewer: Should we change the title of this entry to indicate some APIs for AzureML are deprecated?
https://github.com/mlflow/mlflow/pull/4646/

Reviewer 2: Yep!

> - Update docs for AzureML deployment plugin, deprecate APIs `mlflow.azureml.cli.build_image` and `mlflow.azureml.build_image` (#4646, @trangevi)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deprecate APIs `mlflow.azureml.cli.build_image` and `mlflow.azureml.build_image` (#4646, @trangevi)
```

> - Add deprecation warnings for tensorflow < 2 and keras < 2.3 (#4716, @harupy)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deprecate MLflow Models support for TensorFlow < 2.0 and Keras < 2.3 (#4716, @harupy)
```
